Coca Cola v. Time
    - Our dataset takes different years and the annual revenue that Coca Cola makes

    We want to use this dataset to predict the future revenue amounts Coca Cola will make;

Reflection Questions:
Predictive models are used across industries to analyze and make predictions about data. From sports to beauty products to app usage, predictive models provide individuals and businesses with data to make informed decisions.
Throughout this module, you have learned how to program both supervised and unsupervised learning models. 

In this final project, you will create your own! Throughout this project, you will work through activities to complete the following steps:

Choose a dataset.
We chose a data set that represents the amount of sales that Coca Cola made per year in billions of dollars, from macrotrends.net. 

Determine which algorithm is the best fit. Based on the dataset you choose, you will need to figure out which algorithm to use. This will require you to get to know your data and your goals! Is there a linear correlation between variables? Are you looking for numerical value or a label/category? Do you know the labels or do you need the model to create them for you?
There are no clear predictable upward or downward trends in the data, and as we observe the annual revenue of Coca Cola per year, it maintains a generally steady horizontal trend. 

Do some tests with matplotlib and visualize your data. Does it provide a good correlation? Why or why not?
The R^2 value of our model was calculated to be 0.023, which suggests that there isn't a strong relationship between revenue and year at all. 
Program your model. Once you have chosen your type of model, it’s time to create it! In this step, you will write a program that fits your chosen model to the data. Your program and output will be specific to the model you choose.
Done

Analyze and present your findings. An important part of creating predictive models is being able to communicate the results. In this final step of the project, you will present your findings using slides or an infographic. Your product should include the following components:
Your reasoning for the algorithm you chose
The easiest way to present the dataset we were observing was through the use of a linear regression model 
to explore the relationship and possible correlations between the annual revenue of Coca Cola by year. 

An explanation and analysis of the output of your model: What results did your model produce? What do they mean?
The results produced shows that coca cola has a somewhat horizontal line of best fit as most of our results yearly were somewhat similar. This shows that the revenue yearly generated by Coca-Cola is almost static with very little differences made per year.

A prediction based on your model 
The model predicts that in 2023, Coca Cola will have made 3.856 billion dollars. 

A summary of the accuracy of your model 
Since our r squared value is very low, we believe that the model is not the most accurate model possible, but since the predicted values are similar to the previous years of sale for Coca Cola, we still think that the prediction can be used in an informal setting. 
Real world implications

These predictions can be used by Coca Cola and advertising companies to plan out their next year of sales and how to maximize resources for advertising and production in order to hit the predicted revenue goal. 
